Good afternoon, I am Staff Sergeant Odell Hodges. I have decided to
reach out pertaining to the web development services your company
offers. If feasible, I would like for your company to create an online
networking and messaging service with a data and interface component for
my person management and for consumer interaction. The site will serve
as a hub of viable information for active duty service members in
overseas duty locations. Throughout my tenure in the military, I have
come to understand there are very little support systems or mechanisms
to aid individuals serving in overseas locations receive the appropriate
information upon out processing from the military. Countless times, I
have seen service men and women struggle to obtain quantitative and
useful information regarding the transition process from an overseas
duty station. Through trial and error, there questions have gone
unanswered and opportunities which they were na√Øve about passes them by.
There is a lack of sufficient knowledge on entitlement benefits,
out-processing centers, and alternate site separation. Therefore, this
network system will serve as a central hub for communication and to
answer all questions regarding OCONUS transitions. Some of the
obligatory requirements that should be within the networking and
messaging system are the user/data interfaces, forum discussion
platforms between service men and women. Additionally, if remotely
possible, there should also a database query function to identify
individuals with less than 18 months on contract are actively utilizing
the web platform service as a support group. All of the elements
highlighted about are the base principles of what I expect from a
company with such a prestigious worldwide.
